hi guys welcome to Seoul Fashion basic
I'm Katherine so today we're going to
talk about boots we are already in this
mid fall season and we're going into
winter so I'm sure all of you have like
a pair of foods or a few pair of boots
ants are your wish list that you're
going to shop or during this
thanksgiving holiday or even your
christmas holiday so i want to talk
about the boots shopping experience or
some of the tips that i personally have
using my own collection of foods and I
kind of maybe inspire you and they give
you some ideas to help you to shop by
the way remember to subscribe to my
channel for more fashion discussion
updates and also please thumbs up for
all my videos if you like them first
question flats or heels we are getting
flats because it has great functionality
the first group of boots represents
flexibility and stylish you can rock
your style with stats and buckles on
your boots and walking around the city
easily
the second group of boots can totally
keeps you warm some of you may not be
the fan of this kind of snow boots but I
love them they're so easy to put on so
flexible to walk they are my go-to boots
in the winter every single winter the
last group of flat boots can keep you
safe and dry in those rainy days without
sacrificing your style why heels because
it gives you a great body shape boots
with heel is actually easy to walk easy
and regular Hughes because it provides
you support around your ankles if you
are still not confident enough get a
watch booty so those watch booties can
gives you comfort still gets you the
shape while walking in the cold winter
second question to ask which kind of
shaft height that you want am I getting
over the knee baloney or angle buoys you
may want to get over the knee because it
lengthens and straightens relay over the
knee boots totally has the effect of
strengthen your legs but to find the
right height of the chef that's very
important it should be only above right
above your knees so it can makes your
legs long and straight without making it
look shorter because your chef is too
high for you you may want below the knee
boots for the flexibility around your
knees
it is not easy to find a very good pair
up below the knee boots that fits you
because the cows has to be properly
fitted with the shaft of the boots it
can be too large it can be too small
therefore you can have a very great
style with a skinny cow there is a very
fun option you can choose for the below
the knee boots because a lot of them
comes with the lace-up boots the
adjustable feature of the lace-ups can
totally make sure coughs look skinny and
long by the way remember to choose those
lace-up boots with a side zipper it's so
much easier to put on how about go with
a pair of ankle booties they're so cute
and dress rently and go Belize goes
great with skirts dress jeans shorts all
you can think of but there is a few tips
that I want to let you know to maybe to
help you to think about where you are
choosing your ankle boots first boot you
can see I have a deep deep cut in the
front which shows my ankle makes me
skinnier and easy to move the second
boot only have a straight cut line which
can cut your angling and also hurt you
while you're walking
nude booty is so great it's part of your
scheme in a long game fit perfect for
dress or skirt however the black booty
creates a downtown and chic look but the
color is less friendly with your skin
which can cut up your skin and also the
cut of the boot is higher than the other
one which is not a stress friendly as
the other one open to a bully is a
sexiest because it shows up some of your
toes and also for this book it shows up
your skin's in the front and the side
which tells of the cutting this can
makes you much more feminine the other
open toe police is not as sexy because
it doesn't shows as much of your skin's
however the site cut from lower to
higher would definitely create a thinner
and longer and goes so that's a wrap
hope you guys like it I will see you
next time bye